Support API v2 and Make Raw Request (#19)
elasticio/twitter-component: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.0.0 (October 31, 2023)

> * Component full revitalize to migrate on Twitter API v2 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Component has been fully revitalized and migrated on Twitter API v2 
```
